README.MD, before:

# Speedbe

Speedbe will help you to create a backend with `Node.js` and express.

## Install
```shell
$ npm install -g speedbe
```
## use
```shell
$ speedbe
```
It should make multiples question, like:
  + Name of the project (It will create a folder in the root that you call `speedbe`)
  + Has authentication (It will create a middleware that validate if the token set on the headers is valid with JWT)
  + Has .ENV variables (In case that the response of the previous question is `No`, it will ask to create a global file with the .env variables)
  + Want to upload files (It will create a file and an endpoint to upload files to AWS S3, you must update the variables)

## Run it
```shell
$ node index
```

## JWT
To use it you should create a JWT and set it in each request using the headers. It is with Bearer authentication.
### E.g
```
Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiYWRtaW4iOnRydWV9.TJVA95OrM7E2cBab30RMHrHDcEfxjoYZgeFONFh7HgQ
```
To use this token you should set the variable `JWTKEY` on the file `/variables.env`

```
JWTKEY=secret
```
To learn more about JWT click [here](https://jwt.io/)

## Endpoints
Request      | Response
-------------|------------------------
GET /example | This is a /GET example
POST /example| This is a /POST example, you just post ${test}
PUT /example | This is a /PUT example, you just put ${test}
DELETE /example | This is a /DELETE example, you just deleted ${test}

## License
### The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Alejandro Estrada

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

README for how to run and env example file

README.MD, after:

# Speedbe

Speedbe will help you to create a backend with `Node.js` and express.

## Install
```shell
$ npm install -g speedbe
```
## use
```shell
$ speedbe
```
It should make multiples question, like:
  + Name of the project (It will create a folder in the root that you call `speedbe`)
  + Has authentication (It will create a middleware that validate if the token set on the headers is valid with JWT)
  + Has .ENV variables (In case that the response of the previous question is `No`, it will ask to create a global file with the .env variables)
  + Want to upload files (It will create a file and an endpoint to upload files to AWS S3, you must update the variables)

## Project Structure
```shell
├── index.js
├── node_modules
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── routes
├── variables.env
└── variables.env.example
```
`variables.env.example` is the file that serves as example for other people contributing to your project, it contains all the needed *env* variables with dummy values to be replaced after your project gets cloned (`variables.env` does not get tracked by git).

## Before running this project (after cloned from *github*)
* change the name of `variables.env.example` to `variables.env`
* inside `variables.env` replace the value of the variables with your values

## How to Run this project
```shell
$ node index
```

## JWT
To use it you should create a JWT and set it in each request using the headers. It is with Bearer authentication.
### E.g
```
Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiYWRtaW4iOnRydWV9.TJVA95OrM7E2cBab30RMHrHDcEfxjoYZgeFONFh7HgQ
```
To use this token you should set the variable `JWTKEY` on the file `/variables.env`

```
JWTKEY=secret
```
To learn more about JWT click [here](https://jwt.io/)

## Endpoints
Request      | Response
-------------|------------------------
GET /example | This is a /GET example
POST /example| This is a /POST example, you just post ${test}
PUT /example | This is a /PUT example, you just put ${test}
DELETE /example | This is a /DELETE example, you just deleted ${test}

## License
### The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Alejandro Estrada

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
